When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When others are working on the same files, the files need to be accessable to the others. Having a remote repository will allow for this.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Just like commits, you want to control when changes are integrated because you may not be ready for the changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

    Forks - used when you want to take someone elses repository to work on your own ideas.
    Clones - used when you want to take a repository to work on locally.
    Branches - used when you want to deviate from the main work on your local repository to do some experimental changes before merging into your main work.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    This would allow you to know what's in the remote with respect to your local changes.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    Without GitHub, collaboration would be via email/text, which would be more generic and would require me to explain more about that I'm communicating. With GitHub, the subject is already in context of a change that I want to make with the work. The comments created within GitHub further describes the situation, therefore, requiring me to explain very little for another person to understand the context I'm wanting to discuss, which is the change at hand. It would be easier to text someone if they already understood the context, but if others joined into the discussion, then explainations would be in order. GitHub is an all around better solution for collaboration within a team.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When making experimental changes to determine if a change will work or not, a branch should be created. Once the branch has been determined to be good, then it should be merged into the master branch. In my book, there really is no exception to this where a change should be made to the master. Well ... actually a change could be added to the master directly IF there is not experimentation going on. If there's a documentation or simple bug fix that's obvious, then the change to the master line MIGHT be an acceptable. It could be argued that you should always create a branch and have the change vetted and verified before going into the master, but then this may be too formal of a process for some situations. I would think this formal approach should be used in a large professional/safety critical application.
