How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    It only showed the things that changed in context with the code around it. This was very helpful for quickly finding the error.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    As things change, and error occur, I’m able to reflect what’s been done and changed to determine how to effectively fix problems.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

    Pros - you control when something significant has occurred. This prevents having a lot of unnecessary historical files to weed through.
    Cons - you may get carried away doing your work and forget to make a commit when multiple changes have been made. This can be resolved, by using good coding practices of only making one change per commit, and documenting the commit well (which is subjective ;-).

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    When working with code files, there can be multiple files related to a single change. Documents are always contained as a single file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    'git log' will show all the versions of the repository. Once I find what files I investigate, I will use 'git diff' to shows those differences.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Using VC allows me to easily revert back to a known good state in the code/sw. I don't have to worry about lossing anything or messing something up. I can easly revert back in a few minutes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Nothing at the moment because I don’t have any code that I’m working on. I’ll get there!!! :-)
